https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiXxhDrFruw&list=PLOtl7M3yp-DV69F32zdK7YJcNXpTunF2b&index=11


A graph G = (V, E) is defined by a set of vertices V, and a set of edges E consisting of ordered or unordered pairs of vertices from V.

Road Networks: In modeling a road network, the vertices may represent the cities or junctions, certain pairs of which are connected by roads/edges.

Directed vs Undirected Graphs
    A graph G = (V, E) is undirected if edge(x, y) ∈ E implies that (y, x) is also in E.
    
Weighted vs Unweighted Graph
    In weight graphs, each edge(or vertex) of G is assigned a numberical value, or weight.
    In unweight graphs, there is no cost distinction between various edges and vertices.
    
Simple vs Non-simple Graphs
    A self-loop is an edge(x, x) involving only one vertex.
    An edge(x, y) is a multi-edge if it occurs more than once in the graph.
    
    Any graph which avoid these structures is called simple graph.
    
Sparse vs Dense Graph
    Graphs are sparse when only a small fractin of the possible number of vertex pairs actually have edges defined between them.
    Dense graphs have a quadratic number edges while sparse graphs are linear in size.
    A dense graph is a graph in which the number of edges is close to the maximal number of edges. 
    The opposite, a graph with only a few edges, is a sparse graph.
    
Cyclic vs Acyclic graphs
    An acyclic graph does not contain any cycles. Trees are connected acyclic undirected graphs.
    Directed acyclic graphs are called DAGs. They arise naturally in scheduling problems, where a directed edge(x, y) indicates that x must occur before y.
    
Labeled vs Unlabeled Graphs
    In labeled graphs, each vertex is assigned a unique name or identifier to distinguish it from all other vertices.
    //An important graph problem is isomorphism testing, determining whether the topological structure of two graphs are in fact identical if we ignore any labels.s.
    
    
DataStructures for Graphs: 
    1. Adjacency Matrix
    There are two main data structures used to represent graphs. We assume the graph G = (V, E) contains n vertices and m edges.
    We can represent G using an n * n matrix M, where element M[i, j] is, say 1, if(i, j) is an edge of G, and 0 if it isn't.
    However, it may use excessive space for graphs with many vertices and relatively few edges.
    
    2. Adjacency Lists
    An adjacency list consists of a N * 1 array of pointers, where the ith element points to a linked list of the edges incident on vertex i.
    
    To test if edge(i, j) is in the graph, we search the ith  list for j, which takes O(di), where di is the degree of the ith vertex.
    
    
